// PROTOTYPE PRESENTATION: 

https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gHrRrhyq16Ff3MPm9-LsKX_Ks-B2cXY45SxzJcJHlk0/edit?usp=sharing



// ARTIST STATMENT: 


IAN BOGOST: “I think the most important way to understand play is that it's this property that's in things. -- There’s play in a mechanism".


My project consists of a collection of different interactive scenarios that make use of the Leap Motion. It is something to simply have fun with and ‘play’ with. 

The boundaries that are classically put in place to define the differences between video games, interactive experiences, and interactive artworks are being blurred at an increasing rate. My project attempts to embrace the notion of interaction for the sake of interaction. This project is comparative to a toy like a slinky as there is no inherent goal or objective defined within the interaction of the work. The amusement will come from simply wanting to experiment and play around with the Leap Motion on the part of the user. The project will lack any sort of instruction or guide for the user to follow. Thus, experimentation is a main theme of this work and is something that is encouraged. The use of the Leap Motion controller allows users to play with natural motions that make sense from real world experiences. This makes the experimentation feel less contrived as the actions the user is performing will seemingly make sense for the scenario. 

The random selection of scenarios from the pool of instances will leave the user engaged and surprised at the next experience they face. 
The visual style of this project is based around a sort of “in-progress” aesthetic and make use of common computational and media tropes. Each scenario has a different look and is not bound by the aesthetic qualities of the previous scenario. Over the course of creation, the visual style shifted from a stage where each scenario felt very similar visually, to where it is now; each scenario standing apart from the next. This speaks to the prevalence of screens in modern culture, and examines a life time many of us have faced growing up surrounded by computers, screens, and saturated with images. For example, it will make use of common icons we see in programs and play with dialogue boxes in a simulated computer desktop. The unique visuals are not prescribed to a set-in-stone visual style. As the scenarios get cycled it is as if the TV station was just switched, the next image is not necessarily related to the previous image.  
